big waving a smile from us to tonight
please welcome our farming expert mr.
Tom Kiley Marshall who's nine from
Tipperary how are you Tom hey how's it
all going fine girl yeah so you live in
temporary yeah Jun even in a delivery
firm and no no you just happen to like
fire why do you like farm so much well
because you can collect in there really
good I just love collector
do you like collecting stuff you like to
visit real farms aren't you prefer a
fake ones I like to visit really really
so what is this typical of what you
might have in your house okay it is
where you keep all this stuff it's a lot
in my tool shed so you have your own toy
chef yes I want to live in your house
okay what's your favorite talk to me
about some of the things on this one
okay
these are witness yeah yeah really good
actually
that's handy especially you're really
hot yeah oh great what else you have the
silo the farm pussies great is where the
sheep go into their teeth to drink the
milk no you look green in there oh sorry
open Anna comes out I'm this spaceship
here it's not a space sorry what's that
and it's a slurry tank oh okay that's
right a slurry escape it's very real
looking as well look I love this this is
talk talk to me about this is our time
this is all the signage which the
Carol's Woody's yeah like it's really
good you see these sometimes if you're
going yeah down by the countryside to
see all these tires if I'm going for a
black bag on them are wheels to keep the
because all the wind would just blow in
sila do it can't be have enough yeah and
why do you have Weetabix as well it's
over I'm sorry what is that time
it's an havens oh there oh yeah afraid
for a face let's talk about some of the
equipment like the tractor
do you like collecting the car the car I
love collecting why so because like if
you keep collecting loads and loads and
then your fields will be packed and it
looks really good it doesn't yeah
definite you sure you another farmer Tom
I am a fam you are farmer I like your
style and this is a tractor yeah what
goes in here cows the K so these are the
unlucky cows really isn't it they go
down between to bab Santa yeah okay I'm
they go along here like that let's drive
off and what else I forgot your pain
will be I don't you came of it tell me
what Playmobil is for people who don't
know cuz a lot of people Mike Gabriel is
very good because it's very strong and
they look really real and last for ages
does it because this this is like an
advent calendar it's a Christmas so what
happens here there so when you buy it in
the packet all this cardboard you build
it up start it together yeah and each
day then you pop a hole and you guess
like it's a Santa one day and the
reindeer next day alright so you get the
whole thing going on and this this looks
like something at the Wild West huh yeah
they're cowboys and Indians oh wow do
you like Cowboys I love them do you I
love
dear which one fish films do like
watching Bonanza bonanza really yeah
you're like me you're just born in the
wrong era I knew as your friend you
liked Carrie Gary Cooper and you like
John Wayne you know all those guys ready
go she's your coo
I'm tell me about these it's like kind
of American Civil War thing going on
here sit there considerable look um and
then pull that pull that lot this one
yeah Papa's pop good explosive
oh it's explosive warrant oh gosh you
must spend ages does this do anything
yeah fire you do it boom that's cool so
what's what's your favorite thing of all
things a table this okay what are you
gonna get the Christmas what do you want
from James Beard more Playmobil for the
other shed you only need a second shed
aren't you Tom you've been a pleasure to
me today happy Christmas